Add autopilot 1.2.0 release notes (#729)
portworx/pxdocs: content/reference/release-notes/autopilot.md

series: release-notes
---

## 1.2.0

March 20, 2020

### Improvements

Portworx has upgraded or enhanced functionality in the following areas:

|**Improvement Description**|
|----|

> | Added support for a new parameter `scalesize` for the storage pool expand action that allows specifying a fixed scale size. See details on all action parameters [here](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/autopilot/reference/#openstorage-io-action-storagepool-expand). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Added support for a new parameter, `scalesize`, under the storage pool expand action that allows you to increase storage pool capacity by a fixed amount. See details on all action parameters [here](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/autopilot/reference/#openstorage-io-action-storagepool-expand). |
```

> | Added validation for the AutopilotRule CRD |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Added validation for the AutopilotRule CRD. |
```

> | Added a alert event when Autopilot detects an action which has a missing license. See [list of alerts here](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/autopilot/reference/#autopilot-events). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Added an alert event that occurs when Autopilot detects an action that cannot be performed due to license restrictions. See the [list of alerts](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes/autopilot/reference/#autopilot-events) for more information. |
```
